They actually went through, they went from industrialization craze to urbanization craze because property becoming even easier source of revenue.
And so when that came down, it brought really down to pillars of the economy.
So stabilizing real estate is absolutely crucial.
In a good scenario, five to seven years, stabilizing, trying to come about.
Now, you're already seeing signs to seven years, counting starting from 2022.
So we're halfway in the good scenario.
And that's coming from international data. That scenario will be 10 years, so I think if you look at the wealth effect,
if Chinese people's wealth really drop by a third that has major consequences on consumption as well.
So you really need to stabilize real estate to build that foundation for a stable rebound.
But also to mention that you're seeing signs of a transition already in the economic structure,
a bit away from the real estate into broadly categorized as high tech center.
So the government coming back to the recent Congress really is focusing on two things.